Adds nit details on settlment layer to readme. (#109)
primevprotocol/mev-commit: README.md

- This includes: 
   - the payload for the User API
   - The required setup for execution providers to process bids into commitments in their personal infra.

## Settlment Layer

> This repository contains a settlment layer udner the settlement/geth-poa folder. You can run the entire stack for a POA node locally from this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a settlment layer under the settlement/geth-poa folder. You can run the entire stack for multiple POA nodes locally from this folder.
```
